IN TRUST, NEVERTHELESS, upon the terms set forth in this Trust Agreement, except
as herein provided, for the equal and proportionate benefit and protection of all Beneficial Owners
of the Certificates without privilege, priority or distinction as to the lien or otherwise of any of the
Certificates over any other of the Certificates, except as otherwise provided herein or with respect
to moneys otherwise held to pay particular Certificates hereunder.
IT IS HEREBY EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGED that the Issuer has entered into this
Trust Agreement and issued (or will issue) the Certificates to further advance its purposes and such
issuance will provide a benefit within the State, and the Trustee hereby accepts such trust and
covenants to enforce the provisions of this Trust Agreement.
IT IS HEREBY EXPRESSLY DECLARED that all Certificates issued hereunder are to be
issued, authenticated and delivered, and all said property, rights, interests, and revenues and funds
held hereunder are to be dealt with and disposed of under, upon and subject to the terms,
conditions, stipulations, covenants, agreements, trusts, uses and purposes as hereinafter expressed,
and the Issuer and the Trustee have each agreed and covenanted for the benefit of the Beneficial
Owners from time to time of the Certificates issued hereunder as follows:
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
Section 1.01. Definitions. Whenever used herein the following words and phrases have
the meanings set forth in this Section 1.01. Any capitalized terms used but not defined in this
Section 1.01 which are defined in the Servicing Agreement or in a Loan Document shall have the
meaning provided in the Servicing Agreement or such Loan Document, as appropriate.
“Accrual Period” means, with respect to any Distribution Date, the calendar month prior
to the calendar month in which such Distribution Date occurs.
“Adjusted Base Price” means, as of any date other than the Closing Date, the price
expressed as a percentage: (i) in the case of a Note with an Initial Base Price in excess of 100%,
by amortizing the Note Premium on a constant yield-to-maturity basis (compounding at the end of
each interest period) over the remaining term, or, if the Note is prepayable, to an earlier date and
price that minimizes the Holder’s yield on the Note, all in accordance with the provisions of
Section 171 of the Code; (ii) in the case of a Note issued with original issue discount, by accruing
the original issue discount on a constant yield-to-maturity basis (as reduced by any acquisition
premium), all in accordance with the provisions of Sections 1271 through 1288 of the Code; and
(iii) in the case of a Note with an Initial Base Price of less than 100%, by accruing the market
discount portion, if any, of the acquisition discount on a straight-line basis, all in accordance with
the provisions of Sections 1271 through 1288 of the Code.
“Adjusted Capital Account Deficit” means, with respect to any Class A/B Arrangement
Beneficial Owner, the deficit balance, if any, in such Beneficial Owner’s Capital Account as of
the end of the relevant Fiscal Year, after giving effect to the following adjustments:
3
4135-7643-8109
(a) credit to such Capital Account any amounts that such Class A/B
Arrangement Beneficial Owner is obligated to restore or is deemed to be obligated to
restore pursuant to the penultimate sentences of Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5)
of the Regulations; and
(b) debit from such Capital Account the items described in
Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6) of the Regulations.
“Administrative Fee Rate” means 0.04010% per annum.
“Administrative Fees” means the ongoing expenses related to the Certificates consisting of
the Issuer Fee, the Trustee Fee, the Escrow Custodian Fee, the Dissemination Agent Fee and the
CREFC® Royalty Fee.
“Advance” has the meaning set forth in the Servicing Agreement.
“Advances Report” means the report sent by the Master Servicer pursuant to Section
4.01(a) of the Servicing Agreement and relating to Specially Serviced Loans (as such term is
defined in the Servicing Agreement).
“Adverse Tax Event” means any action or the failure to take action required herein that
would cause the Class A/B Arrangement or the Portfolio to be characterized as an association or
publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
“Affiliates” means, with respect to any specified Person, (a) any Person directly or
indirectly Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with the specified Person and shall
include any director, officer or trustee of the specified Person; and (b) any Person directly,
indirectly or beneficially owning or Controlling more than 50% of any class of voting securities
of the specified Person.
“Appraisal” has the meaning set forth in the Servicing Agreement.
“Authorized Denominations” means (i) with respect to any Class A-1 Certificate, $5,000
and increments of $1.00 in excess thereof upon initial delivery, and $0.01 in excess thereof
thereafter, (ii) with respect to any Class A-2 Certificate, $100,000 and increments of $1.00 in
excess thereof upon initial delivery, and $0.01 in excess thereof thereafter, and (ii) with respect to
any Class B Certificate, $250,000 and increments of $1.00 in excess thereof upon initial delivery,
and $0.01 in excess thereof thereafter.
“Available Note Interest” means, with respect to any Distribution Date, the amounts on
deposit in the Note Interest Sub-Account of the Distribution Account consisting of Note Interest,
the amounts set forth in any related Advances Report and any earnings thereon.
“Available Note Principal” means, with respect to any Distribution Date, the amounts on
deposit in the Note Principal Sub-Account of the Distribution Account consisting of Note Interest,
the amounts set forth in any related Advances Report and any earnings thereon.
4
4135-7643-8109
“BBA” means Subchapter C of Chapter 63 of the Code (Sections 6221 through 6241 of the
Code), as enacted by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, Pub. L. No. 114-74, as amended from
time to time, and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (whether proposed, temporary or final),
including any subsequent amendments, successor provisions or other official guidance thereunder
(including the proposed regulations), and any equivalent provisions for state or local tax purposes.
“Beneficial Interest” means the interest of a Beneficial Owner in a Certificate.
“Beneficial Owner” means (a) with respect to a Certificate registered in the name of
Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC, the Person who is the beneficial owner of such Certificate as
reflected on the books of DTC, or on the books of a DTC Participant or an indirect participant,
(b) if the Certificates are not book-entry, the owner of a Certificate as set forth in the Register, and
(c) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Person who is the beneficial owner of such Certificate
as determined under the Code.
“Borrower” means, with respect to each Note, the Person or Persons identified as such on
Schedule I.
“Business Day” means any day other than (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) any day on
which (i) banking institutions in the City and State of New York, the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, the Commonwealth of Virginia or the cities in which the principal offices of the
Master Servicer or the Special Servicer or the Issuer or the Trustee are located, are authorized or
obligated by law, executive order or governmental decree to remain closed, or (ii) the New York
Stock Exchange is authorized or obligated by law or executive order to be closed.
“Capital Account” means the account established and maintained for the Class A/B
Arrangement Beneficial Owner pursuant to Section 8.01.
“Capital Account Balance” means the balance of the Capital Account for the Class A/B
Arrangement Beneficial Owner adjusted pursuant to Article VIII for all events having occurred
immediately prior to the time of determination.
“Capital Contribution” means the amount of money, and the fair market value of any
property other than money, contributed or deemed contributed to the Class A/B Arrangement by a
Class A/B Arrangement Beneficial Owner. Any amounts paid on the Closing Date by the
purchaser of a Class A Certificate or a Class B Certificate shall be deemed to have been contributed
to the Class A/B Arrangement.
“Cede & Co.” means Cede & Co., the nominee for DTC, and any successor nominee of
DTC.
“Certificate Balance” means, on the Closing Date (i) with respect to the Class A-1
Certificates, $213,718,000, (ii) with respect to the Class A-2 Certificates, $41,301,000, and (iii)
with respect to the Class B Certificates, $7,212,022, and thereafter in each case as adjusted from
time to time as provided herein.
5
4135-7643-8109
“Certificate Purchase Agreement” means the Certificate Purchase Agreement by and
between the Issuer and BofA Securities, Inc., as representative of the underwriters named therein,
dated August 26, 2025.
“Certificates” means, collectively or individually, as the context may require, the Class A
Certificates and the Class B Certificates.
“Chair of the Issuer” means the duly appointed chair of the Washington State Housing
Finance Commission or his or her authorized signatory.
“Class” means a Class of the Certificates.
“Class A/B Arrangement” means the tax partnership with respect to the Class A and Class
B Beneficial Owners that is created and established pursuant to this Trust Agreement.
“Class A Beneficial Owner” means a Beneficial Owner of a Class A Certificate.
“Class A Certificates” means, collectively or individually, as the context may require, the
Class A-1 Certificates and the Class A-2 Certificates.
“Class A Original Market Discount” means the Class A-1 Original Market Discount or the
Class A-2 Original Market Discount, as applicable.
“Class A Rate” means, collectively or individually, as the context may require, the Class
A-1 Rate or the Class A-2 Rate.
“Class A-1 Certificates” means one of the Class A-1 Certificates, which are being issued
in the initial Certificate Balance of $213,718,000 and bearing CUSIP Number 93978UDT0.
“Class A-1 Majority Owners” means the Holders who own a majority of the voting rights
of the Class A-1 Certificates, as determined as set forth in Section 3.06.
“Class A-1 Original Market Discount” means $17,603,951.66.
“Class A-1 Rate” means the Net Note WAC, initially 4.078%.
“Class A-2 Certificates” means one of the Class A-2 Certificates, which are being issued
in the initial Certificate Balance of $41,301,000 and bearing CUSIP Number 93978UDU7.
“Class A-2 Majority Owners” means the Holders who own a majority of the voting rights
of the Class A-2 Certificates, as determined as set forth in Section 3.06.
“Class A-2 Original Market Discount” means $4,645,123.47.
“Class A-2 Rate” means the Net Note WAC, initially 4.078%.
6
4135-7643-8109
“Class A-2 Sub-Account” means the sub-account of the Escrow Account established
pursuant to the Escrow Account Agreement and held by the Escrow Custodian for the benefit of
the Class A-2 Certificates.
“Class A/B Arrangement” means the tax partnership with respect to the Class A and Class
B Beneficial Owners that is created and established pursuant to this Trust Agreement with respect
to the Portfolio.
“Class A/B Arrangement Beneficial Owner” means a Beneficial Owner of a Class A
Certificate or a Class B Certificate and any other Person treated as a partner in the Class A/B
Arrangement for federal income tax purposes.
“Class B Certificate” means one of the Class B Certificates, which are being issued in the
initial Certificate Balance of $7,212,022 and bearing CUSIP Number 93978UDV5.
“Class B Majority Owners” means the Holders who own a majority of the voting rights of
all Class B Certificates, as determined as set forth in Section 3.06.
“Class B Rate” means the Net Note WAC, initially 4.078%.
“Class Factor” means, with respect to each Class, the outstanding Certificate Balance of
such Class divided by the Certificate Balance of such Class on the Closing Date, carried to nine
decimal places, as determined as set forth in Section 4.03(f). The initial Class Factor is
1.000000000.
“Closing Date” means August 29, 2025, 2025.
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the same may be amended from
time to time (or any successor statute thereto).
“Common Sub-Account” means the sub-account of the Escrow Account established
pursuant to the Escrow Account Agreement and held by the Escrow Custodian for the benefit of
the Class A Certificates.
“Continuing Disclosure Agreement” means the Continuing Disclosure Agreement dated
the Closing Date, between the Issuer and the Dissemination Agent, as the same may be amended,
restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.
“Control” (and the correlative terms “Controlling,” “Controlled by” and “under common
Control with”) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of
outstanding securities, equity or other beneficial ownership interests, by contract or otherwise.
“CREFC®” means the Commercial Real Estate Finance Council, or any successor or
assignee thereof.
“CREFC® Royalty Fee” means the monthly fee paid by the Trustee to CREFC® for the use
of its forms and documents in an amount equal to the product of (i) the unpaid principal balance
7
4135-7643-8109
of each Note as of the first day of the immediately preceding calendar month, (ii) the rate of
0.00050% per annum, and (iii) the accrual basis for the respective Note.
“Determination Date” means the fourth (4th) Business Day preceding each Distribution
Date.
“Disposition” means, with respect to a Note, any sale, repayment, payment at maturity,
redemption or other disposition of such Note, including any such action that results in the
realization of gain or loss under applicable Code provisions.
“Disposition Gain” means (i) with respect to the Disposition of a Note, the excess (if any)
of the amount realized from such Disposition over the product of the unpaid balance of the Note
and its Adjusted Base Price, (ii) with respect to a partial payment of Note Principal, the product of
(A) the amount of such Note Principal payment and (B) the sum of 100% less its Adjusted Base
Price, provided, if (B) is a negative number, the Disposition Gain shall be zero, or (iii) with respect
to a payment of Note Principal, in whole or in part, the amount of Note Premium, if any, paid by
the Borrower.
“Disposition Loss” means, with respect to the Disposition of a Note, the excess (if any) of
(i) the product of the unpaid balance of the Note and its Adjusted Base Price over (ii) the amount
realized from such Disposition as determined under the Code.
“Dissemination Agent” means BLX Group, LLC, solely in its capacity as Dissemination
Agent under the Continuing Disclosure Agreement and the Dissemination Agent Agreement, or
any successor thereto.
“Dissemination Agent Agreement” means the Dissemination Agent Agreement, dated the
Closing Date, between the Issuer and the Dissemination Agent, as the same may be amended,
restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.
“Dissemination Agent Fee” means the fee payable to the Dissemination Agent on each
Distribution Date, in arrears for the prior calendar month, in an amount equal to the product of (i)
the unpaid principal balance of each Note as of the first day of the immediately preceding calendar
month, (ii) the rate of 0.00380% per annum, and (iii) the accrual basis for the respective Note.
“Distribution” means any and all distributions on the Certificates, including Note Interest,
Note Principal, Note Premium and any other amounts paid to the Certificateholders, as set forth in
Section 4.03.
“Distribution Account” means the segregated trust account and the sub-accounts therein
established by the Trustee for the benefit of the Holders and Beneficial Owners as set forth in
Section 4.01(a).
“Distribution Date” means the twentieth (20th) day of each month or, if such twentieth
(20th) day is not a Business Day, then the next succeeding Business Day, beginning on the First
Distribution Date.
“Distribution Date Statement” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.
8
4135-7643-8109
“Document Custodian” means U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as document
custodian under the Servicing Agreement.
“DTC” means The Depository Trust Company or its successors.
“DTC Letter of Representations” means the Blanket Letter of Representations from the
Issuer to DTC.
“DTC Participant” means a member of, or participant in, DTC as provided in the rules and
regulations of DTC.
“Electing Manager” means the manager or advisor of a RIC which is the Beneficial Owner
of Class A Certificates or Class B Certificates and which has elected under Section 8.04 of
Revenue Procedure 2003-84 to be responsible for collecting, retaining and providing the
information as required thereunder.
“Escrow Account” means the account established pursuant to the Escrow Account
Agreement and held by the Escrow Custodian for the benefit of the Class A Certificates.
“Escrow Account Agreement” means the Escrow Account Agreement, dated the Closing
Date, among the Issuer, the Seller and the Escrow Custodian, relating to the Class A Certificates.
“Escrow Custodian” means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, in its
capacity as escrow custodian under the Escrow Account Agreement.
“Escrow Custodian Fee” means the annual fee payable to the Escrow Custodian pursuant
to the Escrow Account Agreement, in an amount equal to the product of (i) the unpaid principal
balance of each Note as of the first day of the immediately preceding calendar month, (ii) the rate
of 0.00230% per annum, and (iii) the accrual basis for the respective Note.
“Event of Default” has the meaning set forth in the Servicing Agreement.
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
“Final Recovery Determination” means a determination by the Special Servicer with
respect to any defaulted Loan or any REO Property that there has been a recovery of all insurance
and condemnation proceeds, liquidation proceeds and other payments or recoveries that, in the
Special Servicer’s reasonable good faith judgment, will ultimately be recoverable, as evidenced
by the notice from the Special Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement.
“First Distribution Date” means September 20, 2025.
“Fiscal Year” means the fiscal year of the Class A/B Arrangement for financial accounting
purposes and for federal, state and local income tax purposes or such shorter period for which
income tax returns must be prepared. Such Fiscal Year shall be the calendar year, unless a different
Fiscal Year is required by Section 706(b) of the Code.
9
4135-7643-8109
“Fixed Expense Rate” means 0.09010% or the sum of the Loan Servicing Fee Rate and the
Administrative Fee Rate. Each of the fees included in the Fixed Expense Rate are calculated as
the product of (i) the unpaid principal balance of each Note as of the first day of the immediately
preceding calendar month, (ii) the respective fee per annum, and (iii) the accrual basis for the
respective Note.
“Holder” or “Certificateholder” means the Person in whose name a Certificate is registered
as set forth in the Register, which for all book-entry Certificates shall be Cede & Co.
“Indemnification Agreement” means that certain indemnification agreement, dated the
Closing Date, by and between Citibank, N.A., as the Indemnitor thereunder, and the Trustee.
“Indemnitor” shall mean Citibank, N.A., solely in its capacity as Indemnitor under the
Indemnification Agreement.
“Initial Base Price” means with respect to each Note, as of the Closing Date, the price set
forth as a percentage of the principal amount for such Note and designated “Initial Base Price” on
Schedule I, which is the price paid for such Note by the Issuer.
“Investment Company Act” means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
“IRS” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, including any successors thereto.
“Issuer” means the Washington State Housing Finance Commission, a public body
corporate and politic and an instrumentality of the State of Washington, and its successors and
assigns.
“Issuer Documents” means this Trust Agreement, the Escrow Account Agreement, the
Portfolio Purchase Agreement, the Certificate Purchase Agreement, the Continuing Disclosure
Agreement, the Servicing Advisor Agreement, the Resolution and any other agreement, certificate,
contract, or instrument to be executed by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the
Certificates.
“Issuer Fee” means the annual fee payable to the Issuer pursuant to Section 4.02(iii) hereof,
in an amount equal to the product of (i) the unpaid principal balance of each Note as of the first
day of the immediately preceding calendar month, (ii) the rate of 0.01000% per annum, and (iii)
the accrual basis for the respective Note.
“Issuer Indemnified Party” or “Issuer Indemnified Parties” means the Issuer, the State, any
political subdivision thereof, and each of their past, present and future directors, officers,
employees, counsel, advisors, contractors, consultants and agents, individually and collectively.
“Issuer Unassigned Rights” means the rights of the Issuer to (a) inspect books and records,
(b) give or receive notices, approvals, consents, requests, and other communications, (c) receive
payment or reimbursement for costs and expenses, (d) receive payment of any fees, including
payment or reimbursement of attorneys’ fees and expenses, (e) the benefit of all provisions
providing the Issuer immunity from and limitation of liability, (f) indemnification of the
Indemnified Parties from liability by the Master Servicer and the Special Servicer, (g) enforce
10
4135-7643-8109
venue provisions and (h) the indemnification (including the right to reimbursement) provided by
each Borrower to the Issuer, in its capacity as lender or bondholder under the Loan Documents, in
connection with the “Provided Information” (as defined in the Loan Documents).
“Loan” or “Loans” means the loan or loans, including the Participation Interests in the
Participated Loans, made to the Borrowers acquired and thereafter funded by a governmental
lender with the proceeds of a loan originally made by the Seller to such governmental lender,
which were entered into simultaneously as a single transaction and which have been purchased by
the Issuer pursuant to the Portfolio Purchase Agreement.
“Loan Documents” means the trust agreements, trust indentures, loan agreements,
resolutions or other documents pursuant to which the Notes were issued, and all documents
securing repayment of the Loans including all deeds of trust, mortgages, security agreements and
financing statements, together with all documents and agreements related thereto.
“Loan Servicing Fee Rate” means 0.05000% per annum.
“Loss” has the meaning included in the definition of “Profits” below.
“Majority Owners” means, first, the Class B Majority Owners, until all Class B Certificates
are no longer outstanding, then, the Class A-2 Majority Owners, until all Class A-2 Certificates
are no longer outstanding, and then, the Class A-1 Majority Owners.
“Master Servicer” means, initially, Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC, solely in its
capacity as Master Servicer under this Trust Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, or any
successor servicer thereto as set forth in Section 5.01.
“Material Breach” means a Breach that, in the reasonable judgment of the Issuer, materially
and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer in the Portfolio Assets.
“Material Defect” means a Defect that, in the reasonable judgment of the Issuer, materially
and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer in the Portfolio Assets.
“Monthly Closing Election” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02(a)(i).
“Net Note WAC” means, for any Distribution Date, the rate equal to (i) the quotient of (x)
the aggregate amount of interest which has accrued on all of the Loans during the calendar month
immediately preceding the calendar month in which such Distribution Date occurs less the
aggregate amount of expenses which have accrued during the calendar month immediately
preceding the calendar month in which such Distribution Date occurs over (y) the aggregate unpaid
principal balance of all of the Notes as of the first day of such immediately preceding calendar
month, multiplied by (ii) 12. Net Note WAC will be calculated using the accrual basis for each
Note. With respect to the Participation Interests, the Net Note WAC will be calculated based on
the amounts paid on each participation interest and the product of the Participant’s Share (as defined
in the related Participation Agreement) and the unpaid principal balance of the related Note. The
Note Interest due will be calculated as required by the related Note at the Note Rates set forth in the
Loan Documents, without regard to any modification, waiver or amendment of the terms of the
11
4135-7643-8109
Notes or Loan Documents, whether agreed to by the Master Servicer, the Special Servicer or
resulting from a bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding involving the Borrower, or otherwise.
“Nonrecoverable Advance” has the meaning set forth in the Servicing Agreement.
“Note” or “Notes” means the notes, promissory notes, bonds, or other securities executed
in connection with the Loans and which the Seller has sold and transferred (or caused to be sold
or transferred) to the Issuer as set forth on Schedule I.
“Note Interest” means that portion of any Note Payment designated or attributable to
interest pursuant to the terms of the related Note, whether received on the date of a scheduled Note
Payment, upon sale of a Note or otherwise.
“Note Interest Sub-Account” means the sub-account of the Distribution Account
established by the Trustee for the benefit of the Holders and Beneficial Owners as set forth in
Section 4.01(a).
“Note Payments” means all payments paid by the Borrowers pursuant to the Notes,
including payment of Note Principal, Note Interest and Note Premium, if any, and any other
payments made with respect to the Loans.
“Note Premium” means any amount of premium payable by the Borrower under a Note or
the related Loan Documents in the event the Borrower prepays such Note prior to the yield
maintenance end date set forth in such Note.
“Note Premium Sub-Account” means the sub-account of the Distribution Account
established by the Trustee for the benefit of the Holders and Beneficial Owners as set forth in
Section 4.01(a).
“Note Principal” means that portion of any Note Payment designated or attributable to
principal pursuant to the terms of the related Note, whether received on the date of a scheduled
Note Payment, upon sale of a Note or otherwise.
“Note Principal Sub-Account” means the sub-account of the Distribution Account
established by the Trustee for the benefit of the Holders and Beneficial Owners as set forth in
Section 4.01(a).
“Note Rate” means the interest rate payable on a Note identified as such on Schedule I.
“Notice Party” and “Notice Parties” means the Issuer, the Trustee, the Holders, the
Servicing Advisor, the Dissemination Agent, the Master Servicer and the Special Servicer.
“Officer’s Certificate” means a certificate signed by (i) a Servicing Officer of the Master
Servicer or of the Special Servicer, as the case may be, or (ii) the President of the Issuer, or his or
her successor thereto, or any other then-authorized officer of the Issuer.
12
4135-7643-8109
“Opinion of Counsel” means a written opinion of counsel, who may be counsel for the
Issuer, a Holder, a Beneficial Owner, Master Servicer or the Trustee, which opinion is addressed
to the Issuer and the Trustee and is reasonably acceptable in form and substance to the Issuer.
“P&I Advance” has the meaning set forth in the Servicing Agreement.
“Participated Loan” means each whole loan which is the subject of a Participation Agreement
and refers to one of the following: Farm by Vintage Apartments, Polaris at Eastgate Apartments, Quinn by
Vintage (Tranche A), Capella at Esterra Park 4% Apartments, Auburn Court Apartments, Polaris at
Together Center Apartments and Quinn by Vintage (Tranche B).
“Participated Loans” means, collectively, Farm by Vintage Apartments, Polaris at
Eastgate Apartments, Quinn by Vintage (Tranche A), Capella at Esterra Park 4% Apartments,
Auburn Court Apartments, Polaris at Together Center Apartments and Quinn by Vintage (Tranche
B).
“Participation Agreement” means any of the three (3) Participation Agreements, dated as
of September 30, 2024, and August 28, 2025, and August 29, 2025, respectively, and entered into
with respect to the Participated Loans.
“Participation Interest” means an interest in one of the Participated Loans issued pursuant
to the related Participation Agreement entitling the holder to a percentage of the principal, interest
and premium paid on the related Participated Loan.
“Paying Agent” means the Person or Persons identified as such on Schedule I as the paying
agent, fiscal agent or trustee for the related Note or any successor or assign thereof.
“Permitted Investments” means any one or more of the following dollar-denominated
investments which are exempt from both U.S. federal income taxation and state income taxation:
(i) commercial paper having a rating of no less than “A-1+”/“P-1”, and (ii) money market funds
having a rating of no less than “A-1+”. To the extent that the Trustee is instructed in this Trust
Agreement to invest amounts in Permitted Investments, and in the absence of direction with respect
to which Permitted Investments such amounts are to be invested, such amounts shall remain
uninvested.
“Person” means any individual, partnership, joint venture, corporation, trust, limited
liability company, or unincorporated association, any other entity and any government or any
department or agency thereof, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity.
“Portfolio” means the discrete pool of assets, consisting of the Loans which the Seller or
its affiliates have made to municipalities and agencies and the Notes evidencing the same and
identified on Schedule I.
“Portfolio Assets” means, collectively, (i) the rights, title and interests of the Issuer under
the Loan Documents, including the Notes; (ii) the rights, title and interests of the Issuer, if any, in
any Project; (iii) the Issuer’s rights under the Portfolio Purchase Agreement; (iv) the Priority
Transfer Right; and (v) all funds and accounts created in this Trust Agreement.
13
4135-7643-8109
“Portfolio Purchase Agreement” means the Portfolio Purchase Agreement, between the
Issuer, as purchaser, and the Seller dated the Closing Date.
“Principal Shortfall Amount” means, upon a Final Recovery Determination, the difference
between the unpaid principal balance of a defaulted Loan and the actual Note Principal received
by the Trustee with respect to such defaulted Loan.
“Priority Transfer Right” means the right of the Trustee (assigned to it by the Issuer for the
benefit of the Class A Certificateholders) to receive from the Escrow Custodian amounts
transferred from the Escrow Account for deposit to the Distribution Account.
“Profits” and “Losses” means, for each Fiscal Year or other period, an amount equal to the
applicable Class A/B Arrangement’s taxable income or loss for such Fiscal Year or period
determined by the Servicing Advisor in accordance with Section 703(a) of the Code, which, for
this purpose, shall include all items of income, gain, loss or deduction required to be stated
separately pursuant to Section 703(a)(1) of the Code, with the following adjustments:
(a) any income from the Portfolio Assets that is exempt from federal income
tax and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profits or Losses pursuant to this
definition shall be added to such taxable income or loss;
(b) any expenditures of the Class A/B Arrangement described in
Section 705(a)(2)(B) of the Code or treated as such Section 705(a)(2)(B) expenditures
pursuant to Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i) of the Regulations and not otherwise taken into
account in computing Profits or Losses pursuant to this definition shall be subtracted from
such taxable income or loss;
(c) Disposition Gains and Disposition Losses shall be excluded in computing
Profits or Losses; and
(d) any items of income and expense that are specially allocated pursuant to
Section 8.02 shall be excluded from the calculation of Profits and Losses.
“Project” means the real estate or housing investment financed by the issuance of a Note.
“Property Protection Advance” has the meaning set forth in the Servicing Agreement.
“Rating Agency” shall mean S&P.
“Record Date” means, for each Distribution Date, the close of business on the last Business
Day of the prior calendar month.
“Register” means the registration books maintained by the Trustee pursuant to
Section 3.02.
“Regulations” or “Treasury Regulations” means the Treasury Regulations promulgated
under the Code.
14
4135-7643-8109
“Regulatory Allocations” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(f).
“Remittance Date” means, with respect to a Distribution Date, the Business Day
immediately preceding the Distribution Date.
“REO Property” has the meaning set forth in the Servicing Agreement.
“Resolution” means Resolution No. 25-68 approved by the Issuer on July 24, 2025.
“Responsible Officer” means, (a) when used with respect to the Trustee or Escrow
Custodian performing in its respective capacity as trustee or escrow custodian, any officer within
the corporate trust department of the Trustee or the Escrow Custodian, including any managing
director, vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer
or any other officer of the Trustee or the Escrow Custodian who customarily performs functions
similar to those performed by Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to
whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such person’s knowledge of and familiarity
with the particular subject and in each case who shall have direct responsibility for the
administration of this Trust Agreement; and (b) when used with respect to the Document Custodian
performing in its capacity as document custodian, any officer within the document custody
department of the Document Custodian, including any managing director, vice president, assistant
vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the
Document Custodian who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by Persons
who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any document custody matter is
referred because of such person’s knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and in
each case who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Trust Agreement.
“Revenue Procedure 2003-84” means Revenue Procedure 2003-84, 2003-2 C.B. 1159,
including any successor guidance.
“RIC” means an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act.
“S&P” shall mean S&P Global Ratings, a business unit of Standard & Poor’s Financial
Services LLC, its successors and assigns. References herein to “applicable rating category” (other
than such references to “highest applicable rating category”) shall, in the case of S&P, be deemed
to refer to such applicable rating category of S&P, without regard to any plus or minus or other
comparable rating qualification.
“Scheduled Note Principal Payment” means a Note Payment of scheduled amortizing Note
Principal.
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
“Seller” means Citi Affordable Depositor LLC.
“Servicing Advisor” means Citibank, N.A., its successors and assigns.
15
4135-7643-8109
“Servicing Advisor Agreement” means the Servicing Advisor Agreement, dated the
Closing Date, between the Issuer and the Servicing Advisor, as the same may be amended, restated,
replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.
“Servicing Agreement” means the Servicing Agreement, dated the Closing Date, among
the Issuer, the Trustee, the Document Custodian, the Master Servicer and the Special Servicer in
which the Master Servicer and the Special Servicer agree to provide the services as provided
therein and herein, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time.
“Servicing Officer” means any officer/and or employee of the Master Servicer or the
Special Servicer involved in, or responsible for, the administration and servicing of Loans, whose
name and specimen signature appear on a list of servicing officers furnished by the Master Servicer
or the Special Servicer, as the case may be, to the Trustee and the Issuer on the Closing Date, as
such list may be amended from time to time thereafter.
“Special Servicer” means Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC, solely in its capacity as
Special Servicer under this Trust Agreement and under the Servicing Agreement, or any successor
servicer thereto.
“State” means the State of Washington.
“Termination Date” means (a) the date on which the Trustee distributes the final amounts
due with respect to the Notes or (b) the date determined as set forth in Section 9.03.
“Termination Event” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.02.
“Trust Agreement” means this Trust Agreement.
“Trust Documents” means this Trust Agreement, the Certificates, the Certificate Purchase
Agreement, the Portfolio Purchase Agreement, the Escrow Account Agreement, the Servicing
Agreement, the Continuing Disclosure Agreement, the Servicing Advisor Agreement, closing
certificates, account agreements and other documents, agreements, instruments and certificates
relating to any of the foregoing.
“Trustee” means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, not in its individual
capacity but acting solely in its capacity as trustee hereunder, including its successors in interest.
“Trustee Fee” means the fee payable to the Trustee on each Distribution Date, in arrears
for the prior calendar month, in an amount equal to the product of (i) the unpaid principal balance
of each Note as of the first day of the immediately preceding calendar month, (ii) the rate of
0.02350% per annum, and (iii) the accrual basis for the respective Note. Any fees payable to the
Document Custodian for its services under the Trust Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, are
included in the Trustee Fee.
“Trustee Fee Letter” shall mean that certain fee letter dated June 23, 2025.
16
4135-7643-8109
“Trustee’s Reporting Website” means an internet website maintained by the Trustee,
initially located at https://pivot.usbank.com/abs.
“Unscheduled Note Payment” means a Note Payment of Note Principal and Note Interest
and Note Premium, if any, in excess of any scheduled amortization payment or an amount
representing insurance proceeds or a condemnation award with respect to a Project.
Section 1.02. Rules of Construction.
(a) Accounting terms used, but not defined (or only partly defined), herein or
in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant to this Trust Agreement
shall have the respective meanings given to them under generally accepted accounting
principles.
(b) The definitions contained in this Trust Agreement are applicable to the
singular as well as the plural, the past, the present, the future, the active and the passive
forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as the feminine and neuter genders of
such terms.
(c) Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any
instrument or certificate delivered in connection herewith means such agreement,
instrument or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented and includes
(in the case of agreements or instruments) references to all attachments thereto and
instruments incorporated therein; references to a Person are also to its permitted successors
and assigns.
(d) The terms “herein,” “hereby,” “hereof” or “hereunder,” unless otherwise
modified by more specific reference, shall refer to this Trust Agreement in its entirety as
amended from time to time. Unless otherwise indicated in context, the terms “Article,”
“Section,” “Schedule” or “Exhibit” shall refer to an Article or Section of, or Schedule or
Exhibit to, this Trust Agreement. The headings of sections and paragraphs and the table
of contents contained herein are provided for convenience only. They form no part of this
Trust Agreement and shall not affect its construction or interpretation.
(e) All references to a particular time of day shall be to New York, New York
time.
(f) If any action, notice, event or payment is to take place on any day, and such
day is not a Business Day, then notwithstanding any other provision herein, such action,
notice, event or payment shall take place on the next following Business Day.